see guess what I found so we make it
possible for you to obtain a cap-exempt
this means that the slaughtery 25,000
visas for graduates of her master's from
American University so your cap-exempt
you don't participate at that lottery
you go straight and h-1b process anytime
during the year so you don't have to
wait for April today to 2500 Brewers
from MIT Harvard UMass Columbia Carnegie
Mellon Stanford have received cap-exempt
h-1b visas really only in San Francisco
yoga room at the airport hello guys my
trip to Boston is officially starting
now I'm in San Francisco Airport and
everything is decorated for holidays I
just got my chocolate cross on which is
a must eat for me every day I can
survive with this and I woke up 4 a.m.
today this I'm looking all sleepy my
place is 6:45 a.m. and I'm super excited
I think the fight is 5 hours and it's
the first time I'll be in Boston and I
was excited to see MIT and Harvard
[Music]
okay guys we rented an air B&B in Boston
and it's a really nice area and here's
the apartment and you know how mattes we
came here and we rent me to open the
door and the cat was here and you know
cats and here's one oh look at him he's
so friendly he's so cool
I hope he sings with us today yeah Irish
lovely cat dude what is the first thing
you do when you come to Boston you go to
Trader Joe's but to get chocolate and
minty yeah
so different from California so
different
the first difference everybody's dressed
up
what
my favorite so and everybody is so calm
I don't know in California everybody
would be talking wildly discussing
things yeah everybody's really I don't
know Thailand main building and we're
going inside to see what's happening
inside massive massive university like a
small town they even have their own
Police Department they let me in the
camera yes no yes no no yes
here's where the undergraduate magic
happens admissions office for freshmen
and transfer admissions here are the
people who can change your lives
so guys quick tour MIT for you MIT
Business School actually small study
rooms for individual classes amazing
facilities my thing is really nice the
cafeteria has Starbucks
and sushi most important thing
Marina has a red nose because it's so
cold outside but we came to MIT Media
Lab and this building is famous for its
co-working for startups and if you have
a start-up you can just hang out here
and work in your company and get free
legal advice free financial advice and
another thing that you can do is that if
you don't have a start-up but you're
looking for an idea MIT is the Technical
University and all of the technical
people from different faculties are
basically throwing their developments
and ideas onto people who sit in this
Media Lab and you can take on the idea
and try to make a business out of it and
if you're successful you just share IP
with MIT and you start working your own
company which is amazing because
technology in business is sometimes the
most important thing marketing is also
important sale is important but
technology is also very important and
MIT has the best technological
engineering brains and I think this is
super exciting and if you can see
viewing MBA program 10% of MBAs are
actually starting their own company and
a lot of them do it with the help of MIT
engineering faculties because you have
access to every one course here only
intimate place your hands here in you
touch objects anyway so what
and Chickering
here you really get the feeling you are
in the best University although I
checked the US News ranking this morning
and MIT was the second and I guess you
check any ranking MIT would be top five
and you can really feel it here a little
innovation a lot of opportunities for
current students and so inspiring you
know just to give you an idea of how a
conference at MIT looks like you have
CEO and Pepsi Pepsi Co you have William
Ford who happens to be executive
chairman of Ford Motor Company and then
you have executive VP of Johnson Johnson
and then you have Co US Postal Service
just you know random conference in MIT
when you have all the CEOs coming and
you know during each other for coffee my
day in MIT is over I just came from an
IPO lecture very practical a very nice
guy teaching all of the students were
really
interactive so he has a lot of questions
everybody participated I also wanted to
participate today specifically told us
not turn I was like when he asked
questions like sir
see ya very very interesting for me
because it's all about you know startups
and getting your company to the IPO very
practical
thank you
[Music]